Update adding tracks documentation (#1383)
elastic/rally: docs/adding_tracks.rst

        "index.number_of_replicas": 0
      },
      "mappings": {
        "dynamic": "strict",
        "properties": {
          "geonameid": {
            "type": "long"
          },
          "name": {
            "type": "text"
          },
          "latitude": {
            "type": "double"
          },
          "longitude": {
            "type": "double"
          },
          "country_code": {
            "type": "text"
          },
          "population": {
            "type": "long"
          }
        }
      }
    }

.. note::

>    This tutorial assumes that you want to benchmark a version of Elasticsearch 7.0.0 or later. If you want to benchmark Elasticsearch prior to 7.0.0 you need to add the mapping type above so ''index.json'' will looks like::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   This tutorial assumes that you want to benchmark a version of Elasticsearch 7.0.0 or later. If you want to benchmark Elasticsearch prior to 7.0.0 you need to add the mapping type above so ``index.json`` will look like::
```

The numbers under the ``documents`` property are needed to verify integrity and provide progress reports. Determine the correct document count with ``wc -l documents.json``. For the size in bytes, use ``stat -f %z documents.json`` on macOS and ``stat -c %s documents.json`` on GNU/Linux.

.. note::

>    This tutorial assumes that you want to benchmark a version of Elasticsearch 7.0.0 or later. If you want to benchmark Elasticsearch prior to 7.0.0 you need to add the ``types`` property above so ''track.json'' will looks like::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   This tutorial assumes that you want to benchmark a version of Elasticsearch 7.0.0 or later. If you want to benchmark Elasticsearch prior to 7.0.0 you need to add the ``types`` property above so ``track.json`` will look like::
```

    5. force-merge
    6. query-match-all (8 clients)

Congratulations, you have created your first track! You can test it with ``esrally race --distribution-version=7.14.1 --track-path=~/rally-tracks/tutorial``.

.. note::

>     To test the track with Elasticsearch prior 7.0.0 you need to update ''index.json'' and ''track.json'' as specified in notes above and then execute ``esrally race --distribution-version=6.5.3 --track-path=~/rally-tracks/tutorial``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    To test the track with Elasticsearch prior to 7.0.0 you need to update ``index.json`` and ``track.json`` as specified in notes above and then execute ``esrally race --distribution-version=6.5.3 --track-path=~/rally-tracks/tutorial``.
```

    If you define multiple challenges, Rally runs the challenge where ``default`` is set to ``true``. If you want to run a different challenge, provide the command line option ``--challenge=YOUR_CHALLENGE_NAME``.

.. note::

>     To use the track with Elasticsearch prior 7.0.0 you need to update ''index.json'' and ''track.json'' with index and mapping types accordingly as specified in notes above.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    To use the track with Elasticsearch prior to 7.0.0 you need to update ``index.json`` and ``track.json`` with index and mapping types accordingly as specified in notes above.
```

      "type": "docs"
    }

.. note::

>     Please remember about index and mapping types usage in ''index.json'' and ''track.json'' in Elasticsearch prior 7.0.0 as specified in notes above.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Please remember about index and mapping types usage in ``index.json`` and ``track.json`` in Elasticsearch prior to 7.0.0 as specified in notes above.
```
